Let us test that and see if it works.
We can print out this kind of message,
Primary key name = primaryKeyField.getName + type = primaryKeyField.getType.
So we need two more methods on our PrimaryKeyField, which is getName.
Let us do that, and this should return field.getName and getType,
which should return field.getType.
This is a Class of question mark.
So here, let us print out the SimpleName of this type.
If we run this code, we already should have a nice result.
The Primary key is the id field, and the type of this Primary key is long.
Now we can do the same kind of things on these columnFields here,
so let us iterate on those columnFields and print out Column name,
and here, we need the name of this columnField and the type,
so let us do the same.
Create this getName method, which is going to return field.getName.
And this getType method, which is going to return field.getType.
Let us run this code.
And indeed,
we were able to get the PrimaryKeyField of the Person
class and the two Column names, name of type String and age of type integer.
So you can see that using those annotations it is very easy
to add some information to a class and to get that information using the Java Reflection API.